Add WebSocket authentication options. (#1729)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/cli/options.md

Required if [`--rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-type`](#rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-type) is `PEM`.

### `rpc-ws-ssl-client-auth-enabled`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-client-auth-enabled[=<true|false>]
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-client-auth-enabled=true
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_RPC_WS_SSL_CLIENT_AUTH_ENABLED=true
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
rpc-ws-ssl-client-auth-enabled=true
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Enables or disables client authentication for the WebSocket JSON-RPC service. The default is `false`.

:::note

When enabling client authentication, specify the truststore type using [`--rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-type`](#rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-type)
and provide the appropriate file path for the truststore or trust certificate using either
[`--rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-file`](#rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-file) (for JKS or PKCS12) or
[`--rpc-ws-ssl-trustcert-file`](#rpc-ws-ssl-trustcert-file) (for PEM).

> If using JKS or PKCS12, you also need to specify the truststore password with [`--rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-password`](#rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-password).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using JKS or PKCS12, specify the truststore password using [`--rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-password`](#rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-password).
```

:::

### `rpc-ws-ssl-enabled`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-enabled[=<true|false>]
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-enabled=true
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_RPC_WS_SSL_ENABLED=true
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
rpc-ws-ssl-enabled=true
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Enables or disables server SSL/TLS authentication for the WebSocket JSON-RPC service. The default is `false`.

> Set the appropriate keystore type with the [`--rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-type`](#rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-type)
> command line option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the appropriate keystore type using [`--rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-type`](#rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-type).
```

### `rpc-ws-ssl-key-file`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-key-file=<FILE>
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-key-file=/home/me/me_node/websocket-cert.pem
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_RPC_WS_SSL_KEY_FILE="/home/me/me_node/websocket-cert.pem"
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
rpc-ws-ssl-key-file="/home/me/me_node/websocket-cert.pem"
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Path to the PEM certificate file when enabling SSL/TLS for the WebSocket JSON-RPC service.
This file contains the private key that corresponds to the public certificate specified using

> [`rpc-ws-ssl-cert-file`](#rpc-ws-ssl-cert-file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`--rpc-ws-ssl-cert-file`](#rpc-ws-ssl-cert-file).
```

Required if [`--rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-type`](#rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-type) is `PEM`.

### `rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-file`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-file=<FILE>
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-file=/home/me/me_node/keystore.jks
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_RPC_WS_SSL_KEYSTORE_FILE="/home/me/me_node/keystore.jks"
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
rpc-ws-ssl-keystore-file="/home/me/me_node/keystore.jks"
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Path to the keystore file when enabling SSL/TLS for the WebSocket JSON-RPC service.
The keystore file is used to store the server's private key and public certificate in a single

> file, typically in JKS or PKCS12 format. This option is used when you prefer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file, typically in JKS or PKCS12 format. Use this option if you prefer to
```

```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_RPC_WS_SSL_TRUSTCERT_FILE="/home/me/me_node/trust-cert.pem"
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
rpc-ws-ssl-trustcert-file="/home/me/me_node/trust-cert.pem"
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Path to the PEM trust certificate file for enabling client SSL/TLS authentication for the WebSocket JSON-RPC
service.

### `rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-file`

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="Syntax" label="Syntax" default>

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-file=<FILE>
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Example" label="Example">

```bash
--rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-file=/home/me/me_node/websocket-truststore.jks
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Environment variable" label="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_RPC_WS_SSL_TRUSTSTORE_FILE="/home/me/me_node/websocket-truststore.jks"
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="Configuration file" label="Configuration file">

```bash
rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-file="/home/me/me_node/websocket-truststore.jks"
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

Path to the truststore file for enabling SSL/TLS client authentication for the WebSocket JSON-RPC
service.

> Specify the truststore file password with the [`rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-password`](#rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-password)
> command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specify the truststore file password using [`--rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-password`](#rpc-ws-ssl-truststore-password).
```
